Session initiation protocol, SIP, right?
>> Sipping a drink, right?
>> [LAUGH] Like Sips,
the vegan restaurant.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Over on.
No.
>> No, SIP, Session Initiation Protocol.
So the protocol that's used that initiates
the sessions between media exchange or
data exchange for voice and video, right?
>> Yeah, on the next slide you'll
see that we define it with the.
>> Oh, right here, cool.
>> So it's just a communications
protocol for signaling and
controlling multimedia
communication sessions.
So, basically it's
the overarching rules or system.
How one would do a video call or
an audio call.
>> Yeah, so kind of like how you
have the Internet protocols,
well SIP works on top of
the Internet protocols, right?
>> Yeah, the Internet would be really
broad, like experience everything, and SIP
would talk about like your data packets
would be more specifically referring to
some kind of audio message or video, live
video feedback or something like that.
So here we just want to talk about
the basic SIP message format.
So we have the request line,
or the SIP request line.
So it has a method which is like
the message, what's it trying to tell you,
what's it trying send to the receiver, and
then we have the Request URL is who's
actually gonna get the message basically.
And then finally we have the Version
which is the version of operation to
send the SIP around.
>> Great, do we got any more here?
>> No.
>> All right, so yeah that's kind
of just a basic overview of SIP.
I'd recommend searching session
initiation protocol online
if you wanna know anything more.
We will be,
this whole lesson's pretty much about SIP.
>> Yeah.
>> So we're gonna be talking
to you a lot more about it and
you'll get a little more in tune with it
but yeah, feel free to pause the video and
go make some searches of your own.
Get a little more in tune with it.
See you in the next video.